RLLib (the name may change later) is a library to make Roguelike games easier to write.

If you have any questions after reading this, please e-mail them to me at "nate at nate879 dot org".

Files:
  rlcore.c
    The platform-dependent part of the library. Everything in other files is portable.
  rltext.c
    Loads fonts and displays characters with them.
  rlcolor.c
    Defines several predefined colors.
  rlmsg.c
    The message subsystem of RLLib.
  rllib.h
    The header file for RLLib. This needs to be included in every file that uses it.
  example.c
    An example of how to use RLLib.
  font.rlf
    The font.
  font.png
    The font in PNG format. This can't be loaded by RLLib.
  documentation
    You should read this if you want to use RLLib.

Compiling:
  To compile RLLib, you need to have GCC or MinGW installed. Compile RLLib (and your code that uses it) with the command "gcc -o outfile rlcore.c rltext.c rlcolor.c rlmsg.c <your files>". If you use Windows, add "-mwindows" to the end of that. If you use X11, add "-lX11". If you are running Windows, RLLib needs WIN32 to be defined. If it's not, you will get lots of errors. To fix that, you can modify rlcore.c and remove lines 5 through 7, or #define WIN32 yourself. To run the application, make sure font.rlf is in a place where the application can access it.

Fonts:
  Fonts for RLLib are stored in the RLF (roguelike font) format. These are basically black-and-white bitmaps. I do not yet have a tool that allows you to create your own.
  
  If you want a specific character from the font, look at font.png and find the character. Then count how many characters it is from the top row and the left row. Be sure to count the first row as 0! Be sure to count in hexadecimal (if you don't know what hexadecimal is, look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hexadecimal. To convert this to a code, use the format 0x??, where 0x means hexadecimal, the first ? is the distance from the top, and the second ? is the distance from the left. You can use this number as the character in RLLib functions that display characters.
